[** feat. Lupe Fiasco:]


[Lupe Fiasco: {*Talking*}]
Uh, what up y'all!*
Soundtrack what's popping baby?
Y'all ain't know, I go by the name of Lupe Fiasco
Representing that first and fifteen
Jyea, uh!
And this one right here
I dedicate this one right here
To all my homies out there grinding
You know what I'm saying?
Legally and illegally
Hahaha...
You know what I'm talking about?
So, check it out

[Verse 1: ~Lupe Fiasco~]
First got it when he was six
Didn't know any tricks
Matter of fact first time he got on it he slipped
Landed on his hip
And bust his lip
For a week he had to talk with a lisp
Like THISSSSS
Now we can end the story right here
But shorty didn't quit there was something in the air
Yea, he said it was something so appealing
He couldn't fight the feeling
Something about it
He knew he couldn't doubt it
Couldn't understand it
Brand it, just the first kickflip he land it
Uh, labeled a misfit, a bandit
Kakunk Kakunk Kakunk!
His neighbors couldn't stand it so
He was banished to the park
Started in the morning wouldn't stop 'til after dark
Yea, when they said, "It's getting late in here..
...so I'm sorry young man there's no skating here"

[Chorus:]
And so he kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, coast
And away he rolled
Just a rebel to the world with no place to go
And so he kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, coast
So come and skate with me
Just a rebel
Looking for a place to be
So let's kick... and push... and coast

[Verse 2: ~Drake~]
(Waddup Lupe, Chi Town!)
My style is very Tennessee
Mixed with some Terry Kennedy
People barley remember me from back in the day
I done got some contacts and threw the glasses away
The time it took me to get cool was a massive delay
But check it gets boring growing up in memphis
Trying to become a pro but keep showing up apprentice
Mama probably would have done anything to prevent this
Cause every single time i break a board it gets expensive
Luckly my aunt working as a nurse
So every time I needed something she just reach up in her purse
And plus she'd always give me speeches on the first
If I'm staying in her house then I need to get some work
I tell her I was there on vacation
She say you need to be doing something other than skating
Why don't you go kick it with your uncle in the basement
I'ma let him know that your coming honey he's waiting
So now it's me and old school
Chekka playa playing chess looking through old school wrek a airs
He knew I didn't really wanna post here
Open up the window told me that the coast clear
Now I coast clear take a deep breath feeling like the popes here
Homie this is Recess east test
Life's ever given me a plus graded by a teacher in a sweet dress
Yes I'm literly Landel Lewis with a kick and a snare
Kick flip in the air
The kids sick till them jeans put a rip in the pair
Just so the space ain't restricted in here
Breathe again think it;s obvious that they need my soul
Cousins at the door like ri mi fa so
I say aunty this is a safe career
She said Drake I told you there's no skating here

[Chorus:]
And so he kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, coast
And away he rolled
Just a rebel to the world with no place to go
And so he kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, coast
So come and skate with me
Just a rebel
Looking for a place to be
So let's kick... and push... and coast

[Verse 3: ~Lupe Fiasco~]
Before he knew he had a crew
That wasn't no punk
And they spitfire shirts
And SB dunks
They would push 'til they couldn't skate no more
Office building lobbies wasn't safe no more
And it wasn't like they wasn't getting chased no more
Just the freedom was better than breathing they said
Any escape route they used to escape out
When things got crazy
They needed to break out
They head to any place with stairs
Any good grinds
The world was theirs
Uh, and their four wheels would take them there
Until the cops came and said, "There's no skating here"

[Chorus:]
And so he kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, coast
And away he rolled
Just a rebel to the world with no place to go
And so he kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, coast
So come and skate with me
Just a rebel
Looking for a place to be
So let's kick... and push... and coast