Whassup?
? ho

I'm that nigga with the plugs
I'm the nigga who got homies that be sellin' drugs
I'm the nigga on the back street
With the fire heat, niggas better run like athletes
I'm that nigga, I'm that nigga
My Bank of America account got six figures
I'm that nigga on the block, police pull up
I'm tryna stash the glock uh
You that nigga on the low-low
You're the nigga, you're the one that be talkin' to the po-pos uh
Porsche sittin' on Forgi's
Niggas can't afford these
The Panamera shittin' on the 9-11
I call my homie's 9 9-11
I'm the nigga with the juice
But I'll never do my nigga like Pac did ?

Bitch, who do you love?
Bitch, who do you love?
Bitch, who do you love?
Bitch, who do you love?
Bitch, who do you love?

I got a shorty name Texas and
She got a buddy name OJB and now you know the deal
We turnt up in the studio late night
That's why the songs that you hear are comin' real tight
OVO crew, nigga, thought I told you
If you a player in the game, this should hold you
And man shout my nigga Game he just rolled through
Eatin' crab out in Malibu at Nobu
A lot of fools puttin' salt in the game
Until these women get the notion that they runnin' the game
They got money that they jumpin' on the pole to make
Did the model, took a flight to the golden state
I'm the general, just makin' sure my soldiers straight
Had to leave my nigga, homie got an open case
But I'm big on the west like I'm big in the south
So we gon' pay some people off, we gon' figure it out
And my name too big, and my gang too big
Young money shit, me and Lil Wayne too big
Imma crush that ass even if it ain't too big
I would pinky swear but my pinky ring too big

Bitch, who do you love?
Bitch, who do you love?
Bitch, who do you love?
Bitch, who do you love?

Blowin' money
Cash money and that's all
Bitch, who do you love?
I'm the nigga with the crown on his head
Of course me and my city, I put the town on your head
Put that click clack sound on your head
Me and YG the dawg pound wearin' red
Me and my nigga Jizzy, runnin through Miami
Like Lebron shot the Nicky shot the tune shot the Ricky
Back to the town, roll a pound shot the Nipsy
Thousand dollar blunch, blow it down if you with me
Get lost in the clash, shut the, shut ?
Rollin' down ? in the rave shot the biggie
Got ma' two chains on, feelin' like Titty
? in my glass no Diddy just a philly, no pity
And the bitches get me ?
35 million how to make come to see ya
Ballin' in the club, I'm the tallest boys there
Me and YG now tell me

Bitch, who do you love?
Bitch, who do you love?
Bitch, who do you love?
Bitch, who do you love?
Bitch, who do you love?