I am on a 24 hour champaign diet.
Spillin' while I'm sippin', I encourage you to try it.
I'm probably just saying that cause I don't have to buy it, the club wanna supply it.
Boy I'm on that fly shit.
Boy I am what everyone in my past don't want me to be.
Guess what, I made it. I'm the motha fuckin' man, I just want you to see.
Come take a look, get a load of this nigga.
Quit frontin' on me, don't come around and try to gas me up I like runnin' on E.
I I I I'm on my Disney shit, Goofy flow, On records, I'm Captain Hook, And my new car is Rufio, yo.
Damn, where my roof jus' go
I'm somebody that you should know.
Get ta shaking something cause that's what drumma produced it for.
Yes I make mistake that I don't ever make excuses for, like leavin' girls that love me, and constantly seducin' hoes.
I'm losing my thoughts, I said damn where my roof jus' go, top slip off like Janet at the Super Bowl

They can't help it, and I can't blame 'em
Since I got famous, but bitch, I got money to blow
I'm gettin it in, lettin' these bills fall over my skin
I got money to blow oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh ohhhh


[Birdman]
Richer than the richest, we certified, gettin' it CM YM Cash Money business
Higher than a ceilin', fly like a bird, hit the Gucci store. And later get served.
We smoked out with no roof on it
Them people passin so we smash on em
Ballin' out we keep the cash on deck
Lamborghini and the Bentleys on the V-set
Louie lens iced up with the black diamonds
Car of the year Ferrari the new Spider
No lie I'm higher than I ever been
Born rich born uptown born to win
Fully loaded automatic 6 Benz
Candy paint foreign lights with my bitch in,
Born hustlin too big nigga to size me up
Kept stuntin' more money, burn it up!

They can't help it, and I can't blame 'em
Since I got famous, but bitch, I got money to blow
I'm gettin it in, lettin' these bills fall over my skin
I got money to blow oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh ohhhh

[Weezy]
Well I get paid every 24 hours, money and the power
Come to VIP and get a Champagne Shower
I don't have to worry because everything is ours,
and I got a big bouquet of Mary Janes Flowers
That kush I promise thats my dude
But we don't smoke that Reggie Bush
And I'm with two women, make you take a second look
We poppin like Champagne Bottles but we never Shook
and we gunna be alright if we put Drake on every hook

They can't help it, and I can't blame 'em
Since I got famous, but bitch, I got money to blow
I'm gettin it in, lettin' these bills fall over my skin
I got money to blow oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh ohhhh