[Drake intro]
Yea,
Alright,
Page I hope, I hope, you don't mind me just um havin' a lil' fun you Know,
I know this your joint,
I just always liked this song so I figured
I may as well go in
Here we go,

[Drake chorus from "Still Fly" (Drake from freestyle)]
I'm still fly (Yea), I'm sky high
And I dare anybody to try and cut my wings (Uh)
I'm still pulling out the Phantom
And these haters can't stand him (That's me singin' by the way... in Case you didn't know)
Nigga I'm still doing my thing
I'm still fly I'm sky high (Yea some new shit... new shit I'm on)
And I dare anybody to try and cut my wings (I promise I got 'em)
I'm still shutting cities down (Look) every time I come around
Nigga I'm still doin my thing (Here I go) I'm still...

[Drake verse 1]
Responsible for everything you listen to
I mediocre talent proceed to try and condition you
Took over my city and I never asked permission to
Started popping bottles 'cause it's ATL tradition to
Celebrate it by law fuck 'em at the SoHo
If there ain't a elevator in it it's a no go
Coldest thing dropping and these bitches wanna snow blow and
They just give me head while the haters give me promoooo
And man my DJ shoulda won that but listen and respect man the city Owe us one back
All these old heads keep they minds on one track
And me I run Toronto holla at me when you done laps
Roll around with Niko,
Party with Azuka
Shout goes out to 1da,
Shout goes out to Future,
Shout goes out to Teddy muthafucka I am ready
And whoever got the torch just can't seem to hold it steady
'Cause I see the flame flickering, ex girls bickering
Got these women jockin' me from Heart Lake Road to Pickering
I tried to send my nigga Short some syrup out in Michigan
But my connect said it'll take a minute if you're listening,
Please start doin' you,
I been doin' me
And I'm a staple in my city you can never ruin me
Rappers are emotional, critics be reviewing me
But I got love for everybody,
Even if you're suing me
My brother P. Ray knows, we fuck with the same hoes
Plus he taught me how to spot a officer in plain clothes
Starin' at you pussy niggas all I see is rainbows
Hoppin' on a jet to every single Lil' Wayne show
Me and Little Jazzy, please do not harass me just holla if you got me
And fuck you if you had me,
Shout goes out to Brian E.,
Shout out to Photo Will,
Shout out to Oliver and 40 Man you know the deal
Shout out to Mayhem, shout out to P. Plus the names I mention are Crucial
You're gonna need us and life is good everything is just fine
I am so sure of my rhymes I could sacrifice a line like
(Mumbles)
Yea (Haha) I swear I really fuckin' does it I have these niggas Trippin' no luggage I'm still,

(Drake chorus from "Still Fly")
I'm still fly, I'm sky high
And I dare anybody to try and cut my wings
I'm still, pulling out the Phantom
And these haters can't stand him
Nigga I'm still doin' my thing
I'm still fly, I'm sky high (Yea)
And I dare anybody to try and cut my wings
I'm still shutting cities down every time I come around
Nigga I'm still doin' my thing I'm still...

I'm still...
Drizzy's home baby
Niko just came to scoop me from the airport like 3 hours ago
I still got my hotel slippers on and shit
So you know, I'm ready though
It's October's Very Own dot Blogspot dot com that's where you find All the exclusives at
You know October's Very Own we got the real-life entorauge
It's like me, Freeko Suave, Oliviated Perisian Gangsta,
40-40, John B.
You know what it is man, Lebanon Don's in this bitch
You all ready? Yeah you can tell I'm at the point where I'm on a ride
I really don't give a fuck right now I'll tell you that much baby
Huh? Here I go baby! Here I go!
It's not that I'm an asshole, I just live behind a tint I don't see You
The tints provided by Mosely Tribe by the way shout out to Mosely Tribe
Shout out to Ransom M., Jeezy I see you boy
Yeah should I stop? Here I go!